add page on black box functions (#163)
noir-lang/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.5.1/standard_library/black_box_fns.md

Here is a list of the current black box functions that are supported by UltraPlonk:

- AES
- [SHA256](./cryptographic_primitives/hashes#sha256)
- [Schnorr signature verification](./cryptographic_primitives/schnorr)
- [Blake2s](./cryptographic_primitives/hashes#blake2s)
- [Pedersen](./cryptographic_primitives/hashes#pedersen)
- [HashToField128Security](./cryptographic_primitives/hashes#hash_to_field)
- [Fixed base scalar multiplication](./cryptographic_primitives/scalar)
- [Compute merkle root](./merkle_trees#compute_merkle_root)
- AND
- XOR
- RANGE

Most black box functions are included as part of the Noir standard library, however `AND`, `XOR` and `RANGE` are used as part of the Noir language syntax. For instance, using the bitwise operator `&` will invoke the `AND` black box function. To ensure compatibility across backends, the ACVM has fallback implementations of `AND`, `XOR` and `RANGE` defined in its standard library which it can seamlessly fallback to if the backend doesn't support them.

> You can view the black box functions defined in the ACVM code [here](https://github.com/noir-lang/acvm/blob/acir-v0.12.0/acir/src/circuit/black_box_functions.rs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the black box functions defined in the ACVM code [here](https://github.com/noir-lang/acvm/blob/acir-v0.10.3/acir/src/circuit/black_box_functions.rs).
```

Noir 0.5.1 uses acir 0.10.3
